Ottawa native, born in Ontario in the midst of a warm September day. I am Nadia.

Incredibly fascinated by the human experience. I currently completed my Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry, Microbiology and Immunology at the University of Ottawa. Meeting new people, creating new experiences, and learning are on my daily must list. 

Extremely interested in how technology has changed, is changing, and will change the dynamic in which humans communicate and learn with each other, as it continues to evolve the human experience. 

Ergo, my passion about science, technology, education & people makes it appropriate that I'm pursuing a Masters of Education in Teaching & Learning, with Specialization in Educational Technology in the Fall of 2015.

Currently, I'm upgrading my skills in Web Development by enrolling in a Front-End Web Development course at Thinkful.

I believe in technology’s ability to do good, and I love seeing it happen, being involved, and seeing the paths it connects between humans and our ideas. Collaboration should be brilliant, healthy, cohesive, and wildly enlightening. If its not, what are we doing here?

Lover of all things beautiful.

I am passionate about science, technology, education and people, so it's appropriate that I'm pursuing a Masters of Education in Teaching & Learning, with Specialization inEducational Technology.

I recently completed my 4 year Honours B.Sc. in Biochemistry, with specialization in Microbiology & Immunology, and plan to graduate in June.

I love to learn, connect with people and hear their stories. I have a little bit of I-want-to-save-the-world in me, that’s why I'm here, in University. I learned that it’s okay if I only save one person, and it’s okay if that person is me.

Living a meaningful life is important to me. It's not about money or prestige. It's about helping people through my experience & education.

I firmly believe in small gestures: pay for their coffee, hold the door for strangers, smile or try to be kind even when you don’t feel like it, try to be larger than you are— particularly when it’s difficult.

You’ve got to sit next to the man at the train station who’s reading your favourite book and start a conversation. You’ve got to come home after a bad day and burn your skin from a shower. Love yourself, kiddo. You've got to love yourself. It's doesn't make you vain, it makes you indestructible.